#Example Usage

The data provided here allows users to test the software on some small files before applying the pipeline to their own data.  The following files have been provided:

1. Sample fastq files: OUT_RNASeq_PE_sim_ind1_SNPs_1_chr22.fq and OUT_RNASeq_PE_sim_ind1_SNPs_2_chr22.fq - This data was generated by a custom script and is loosely based on the NA12812 1000G individual. It contains simulated data for a single chromosome.
2. Mapped data: ind1_snps_chr22.Aligned.out.sort.PP.UM.bam - The above files were mapped with STAR and filtered.  If you don't want to map the fastq files yourself, this bam file can be used in the simulation program.
3. SNP file: ind1.vcf - this file shows the locations of polymorphisms in the fastq files and is to be used in the simulation program.
4. A results file: all_results_ind1_1_STAR_gatk.txt - Having used the normalisation software on the above files, your results should be similar to those in this file. 

##Steps to recreate example results file:

1. Generate a high coverage null dataset with the files provided by running the following command:

        perl ase_normalisation_sim.pl --DNAid ind1 --OUTid ind1 --DNAvcf ind1.vcf --RNAbam ind1_snps_chr22.Aligned.out.sort.PP.UM.bam --MaxProcs 8 --SampleDepth 2000

2. Map and filter the null dataset in the same way as the original data.  If using the test BAM file, use the following approach:

        STAR --genomeDir hg19 --readFilesIn fastq_sim_ind1_R1.fastq.gz fastq_sim_ind1_R2.fastq.gz --runThreadN 12 --readFilesCommand zcat --outSAMstrandField intronMotif --outFileNamePrefix ind1_SNPs_chr22_deepsim.
        
        samtools view -bh ind1_SNPs_chr22_deepsim.Aligned.out.sam > ind1_SNPs_chr22_deepsim.Aligned.out.bam
        
        samtools sort ind1_SNPs_chr22_deepsim.Aligned.out.bam ind1_SNPs_chr22_deepsim.Aligned.out.sort
        
        samtools index ind1_SNPs_chr22_deepsim.Aligned.out.sort.bam
